1)How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

The diff command gives the line which was deleted from the
old version and the line which was introduced in the
new version with a - and a + symbol respectively and 
this helps identifying the bug introduced in the code.

2)How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

When a bug is introduced in the code I can actually refer 
to its older version to find the bug in a less time
instead of spending a lot of time in searching through 
each line of the code.
And also if I want some of the older features back
then I can just to do a copy and paste.This helps 
in reducing the time delay.

3)What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros:We can do more logical commits.If we are in the middle of a line 
of code we do not want to save it because it may not even compile.
Cons:We may forget to commit for a long time.And now if we commit 
it will contain a lot of changes and it will be difficult to 
understand it logically.

4)Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git is related to coding so it is appropriate for it to save multiple files in a single commit.
Google docs deals with text files so it is better to handle them seperately.   

5)How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
The git log command actually lets us to view all the commits made so far.
The git diff command gives the differences between two commits.

6)How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
By introducing new things which is a lot different from the old version does not take away the old versions if we
are using git . We can at any time revert back to an old version by using the git checkout command.

7)Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Most probably for my cs projects and also for my android projects. 